Remove the MAPDL bullet points in the PyAEDT section. (#19)
pyansys/pyansys_landing: README.rst

> - All the features of the original module (e.g. pythonic commands,
>   interactive sessions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All the features of the original module, including pythonic commands
  and interactive sessions
```
